Explain starter project (#1185)
pydantic/logfire: docs/index.md

1. [Log into Logfire :material-open-in-new:](https://logfire.pydantic.dev/login){:target="_blank"}
2. Follow the prompts to create your account
3. Once logged in, you'll see the **Welcome to Logfire** prompt. Click **Let's go!** to go to the **starter-project** Setup page.

![Welcome to Logfire](images/logfire-screenshot-welcome-to-logfire.png)

4. You will find how to send data to your **starter-project** there. Also, there are some code snippets to help you get started.

!!! info ""
    A **Logfire** project is a namespace for organizing your data. All data sent to **Logfire** must be associated with a project.

> ??? tip "You can also don't use **starter-project** and create a project via CLI..."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
??? tip "Ready to create your own projects in UI or CLI?"
```

(Grammatically awkward as-is)

>     Check the [SDK CLI documentation](reference/cli.md#create-projects-new) for more information on how to create a project via CLI.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the UI, create projects by navigating to the Organization > Projects page, and click **New Project**. 
 - For CLI check the [SDK CLI documentation](reference/cli.md#create-projects-new).
```
